Wave Theme for Textpattern

INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

1 FTP the latest version of Textpattern to your remote website

2 INSTALL it as per instructions, delete the Setup folder, log in, check Diagnostics, check all is working as you'd expect. Log out.
 
3 IN YOUR WAVETHEME ZIP you should have a css folder, images folder, wave folder, wave.sql file, favicon.ico, favicon.png, wave.png, about-this-theme.txt and these wave-instructions.txt.

4 TRANSFER the css folder across to your remote website so it is alongside files, images, rpc, sites, textpattern and themes folders.

5 Open the remote images folder and transfer the contents of the local images folder across into it.

6 Open the remote themes folder and transfer the wave folder across into it.

7 Open the remote files folder and transfer wave.png into it

8 Transfer favicon.ico and favicon.png into the root directory (where you installed Textpattern and where all the folders you've been opening are located) 

9 Note that steps 7 & 8 are to prevent error messages later on

10 IN YOUR REMOTE HOST CONTROL PANEL DASHBOARD - in PhpMyAdmin or using any other method you are comfortable with - locate and select the database you've just installed Textpattern in. 

11 Click the option below the tables to Check All and With selected: Drop. All tables will be gone.

12 Select the menu option to Import. Browse and find wave.sql. Leave everything else as it is, and click Go.

13 You should soon get a green message:  Import has been successfully finished, 78 queries executed. (wave.sql)

14 LOG IN TO YOUR REMOTE WEBSITE AGAIN and you should see "Wave Theme" in the menu bar at the top of the screen. Don't click it just yet.

15 Next to Wave Theme is Admin, click it, click Preferences.

16 Site Preferences will show the Site URL as wave.gud.one and you'll need to correct this for your site to work.

17 In Admin Preferences, insert the correct path to the textpattern/tmp folder.

18 You can now click on Wave Theme on the menu bar and be taken to the front end of your fully working website theme.

All instructions for how to use and alter the theme are there on your single-page theme. Please read them carefully and I hope you'll soon get the grasp of what is what and how you can mould it into a great website. If you have any questions please ask them in the Theme Support section of forum.textpattern.com

